Hello everyone today, I will tell you
the terrible secret of all smartphones cameras about
than silent manufacturers
and how marketers also cheat us
touch the subject of camera phones as a phenomenon and
in the end I will even take on the role
predictor when you talk about the camera in
It is very difficult for a smartphone to be objective
since both the quality of the pictures and the
the fact of having a wise camera in the smartphone
this is a purely personal matter of each and every
man forms his opinion about the camera in
smartphone exclusively from their needs
I personally like cameras in a smartphone or
the tablet's pretty cool so
as in the first I have a SLR and
soap dish to record video
and take a photo
and secondly shoot something on a smartphone
Especially on the tablet personally, I think
mockery of the subject in
the first is to start with what is
general camera in the smartphone if
consider its device in more detail then
you can understand that no little
little men quickly drawing pictures
inside there is not installed there instead
the module is usually by virtue of its structure
such a wide square glued to the dress
magic soldering in the case of an ordinary backgrounds china
double-sided tape module in this
case connects with internals
smartphone or tablet with a bodice of wires
to transfer the image processor itself
the image is formed pretty
the primitive principle is exactly the same
very like in ordinary cameras and that is
the light enters the eye of the camera and passes
through the lens then if there is a smartphone
optical stabilization then he
stabilizes then focuses on
matrix it in turn converts
light into electrical impulses and transmit
information to the processor which this
information processes and places in
memory operational constant and displays
on the screen and all this in a split second
Of course everything is much more complicated than I wrote
but for an explanation of two words and this
come down before going to talk
about megapixels and other interesting
words say kosher are considered
cameras with autofocus and flash
autofocus is such a system allowing
no dancing with a tambourine and complicated calculations
sharpen the lens on
the object being photographed and flash is
flash and for 95 percent of people she
used as a flashlight now
go to the most basic how to choose
a smartphone with a good camera that generally
considered a good camera and why in
first thing they usually look at
people when choosing a camera phone this of course
same to us
And pixels are more correct on their number and in vain
of course I will not argue with what
more megapixels are better but not
less this is not the main parameter because
when in the top level mirrors
rarely cameras with more than
fifteen 18 megapixels
in fact, their number of answer
just for the resolution of the original photo and
shows what resolution has
the sensor, that is, if we have a smartphone
8 megapixel camera installed
This means that the maximum size
photos without interpolation stretching
will be 3264 by 2448 points if
multiply these numbers then we get the number
close to eight million pixels then
have to 8 megapixels
but if you compare photos with
8 megapixel camera for example 6
iphone and 20 megapixel cabernet
famous chinese brand then on
iphone snapshots get much better and
it's not just tricky Chinese that is to blame
craftsmen
and marketing megapixels but a whole
a number of other reasons like generation
sensor its size photosensitivity
optics and even software so don’t choose
megapixel camera
would certainly recommend a look at
dimensions of sensor generation but usually this
information in the technical specifications
there is no smartphone therefore it is better to look at
luminosity which is also called aperture
it is indicated by the letter f and tsiferki
like 322 and 620 and so on and here than
the lower the better
if the camera has an optical
stabilization it is already very cool
then how often do we take down from hand
hands tend to shake and blur
pictures digital stabilization of course
also not bad but for its implementation
software algorithms are used
which are written Krivorukov
manufacturers how it got it all
undoubtedly concerns not only the main
cameras but also the front which value
quite difficult to overestimate our
Difficult time sat down social networks to kofy
yourself different with elves and other
evil slyly yellow chinese
manufacturers in secret tone wander trends
and for several years they have been slapping l siphons
with a bang maybe all the fault and mysterious
Asian soul and their mentality
consumer but the fact remains
such phenomena as their turning
cameras for selfie
children pax due to the one with 13 megapixel
cameras of 2
the throne has become the norm and that just does not
come up with craftsmen from heaven to
lure a demanding customer into
their camera networks with camera sensors with
voice- activated cameras even
six cameras in one smartphone if you don’t
want to understand all this
diversity and want to just take
normal phone with a normal camera
remove the best known device
manufacturer with optics from sony with
samsung
or carl zeiss if the last two in
china backgrounds are very rare then
Sensors from sony quite often and not
the cameras are really good and
quality but apart from quality
cameras have another important
parameter that directly determines
The quality of the original images is software and
Now I will try to explain why I am
said it is better to take
well-known manufacturer well yes I will take on
yourself the role of the captain is obvious very
it often happens that as soon as a smartphone
the quality of his pictures goes on the market
leaves much to be desired but then with
subsequent firmware updates
quality is improving.
famous brands update your device
not so that it can affect
quality of your photos because everything is available
modes like white balance hdr corrections
panorama colors and other directly depends
on the quality of the software responsible for
processing and creating photos
of course you can install from the store
third-party camera apps fix
situation or just download
instagram and just overlay vintage
filters but this is a completely different more
sad story probably the same
sad as the story of the Chinese and
interpolation
broadly understood interpolation is
stretching the image by
special mathematical algorithms but
in the understanding of Chinese interpolation is
when the smartphone is installed 8
megapixel camera capable of doing 13
or even 18 megapixel photos
Of course, this also affects quality.
photos for the worse and done
it is solely for marketing purposes
but at least in the characteristics they are usually
write about interpolation a few words say about
the video is not only those
do selfi so fotkayut but take off
crash or even use a smartphone
as
avtoregistrator so what to hide
many smartphones may well
compete with budget soap cases and
here in an important parameter
is not only the camera itself though she
and it matters how much the processor is in capacity
which abut the capabilities of the camera
for example theoretically whale river and video
take off can even 8 megapixel camera
but to do so to this 4-ki video
maintained by hardware and was in
good quality
this is a processor concern as well
frame rate smooth redrawing
still a bunch of heap parameters as
I’ll say that the Chinese camera is
Chinese smartphones is one more
random number generator because
unscrupulous manufacturers can
put one in the camera in software
implement it in a different way write on
box third with the seller with
your hectic fantasies can at compose
even some fourth option
so when I choose one or another
I recommend to watch the device first
queue on and video reviews of interest
you devices and ask in stores
examples of photos and videos in the original
I will not talk about the need for cameras
and their meaning in the life of every person
because in my opinion it is purely
personal matter of each but also in quality
analysts will probably say that before
near future cameras will be
evolved new sensors will appear
the quantity will also increase
megapixels nevertheless the chinese are not
stand still and many now
camera phones do quite good shots
and it is likely that soon smartphones
we will replace the usual soap box on this
all subscribe to the channel join
VKontakte group
rate this video and
add video to your favorites
until